where'd you come from
rook from out of nowhere you play inside
ball hit him where they ate well airing
over the fences so that's why I haven't
I used to be arrested for that now they
give me a check
from a boy yes and all the bed is why
to a man
hi
babe yeah I know you're making more
money than the president here sure you
fellas let's have a hellish season he
lived his life except reggae butter no
rampage last night like you played the
game bialya card or the son of a gun
like that is still a big kid with 44
home runs and two saddest eyes I've ever
seen I don't even like me oh but I love
to watch u s-- a code out Monica tries
trick you ride it again
why's everybody ride me
or nobody
wine everybody
you are incorrigible you are washed up
tapes gonna suck you a homerun that make
you feel better Johnny
- well no kiddo
I'm paper
a human he's an animal
to God the man was a legend the legend
was real
John Goodman the babe